Cascarita Puntocom presents
how is the national team has a
resurgence the team is going well comes
pekerman how the selection lives today
Colombia we are very good because from
a long time ago you will not find
such a great stability in the
Colombian team
with a series of very players
important that have
have shone lately in the
different days and what good with the
arrival of jose pekerman
Has allowed
think about
and that play can be released in
This has led to the fact that
selection is more competitive stronger
and have achieved our triumphs
that lately we signed from
play off
like you when you go to your house and this one
you can assimilate so much success so many things
good so much kindness let's say
I understand perfectly that you
you provoke here nobody has given you nor a
only this one goal and one
training but like how to power
let's say to abstract from so much of
So much maelstrom that exists if it is difficult
not in the current world and the calendars
They are so demanding that they are here
soccer is sometimes difficult to isolate
a little bit of so much pressure and demand
but if there are times when one
You have to relax and rest
mentally and be able to enjoy with the
family
and with theirs
to remove all that weight on top but
one as a player will always be there
present and not relax
as a kid when you at 3 years old
It is in who you look at what kind of
forward you liked who I admired
so I admired who was your
reference as such good I just in my
time when you start is at its best
renal moment and the Brazilian
I think that as a striker I always noticed
very much in him in the movements of
batistuta of three or some videos of
they are enough and as demonstrated also video
of voice sanchez
that he was a great forward and good
then also magic maradona and
others that I saw by videos that I think the
best of all
i
selection of Colombians trócola of the
ninetys we face in some glasses
america a generation really
incredible fantastic is no longer the only
that stood up in the world of sale
was the Colombian national team the
current this new generation with another
type of football players another team of
mentality
it can not be a remembrance then
a replica of that fantastic
generation of selection moments
Colombian in that selection was
wonderful good shines also look
he died and he looked there
but the most important thing is to be able to leave
us the name with nominal high
our legacy and our own achievements
and not wanting to match them because in the
time that we want to match it by
there that ambition is going to decay and we have
that try to go formed
it is important surely that will be possible
surpass travel I thank you very much
a real honor a pleasure that you are
with Mexican television the friends
Mexicans and it 's very clear we ended
denotes idolized he is a soccer player
fantastic and a kind of salary
thank you very much for these minus one
we will not see him greetings to all
this second in Mexico he took radamel
falcao pay him as they want now
world's finest zinc and silver
cascarita dotcom present